1.1
  b
    i. GPS problem solver is implemented as a function
    ii. initial_states is a list, goal_states is an iterable (it is iterated over with "for", but we don't see any type-specific
        methods like "append", and we don't see any indication that it has to be mutable or has to be immutable, \
        so we can't say a specific type. Most likely a list or a tuple.), and operators is a list of dictionaries with
        keys "action", "add", and "delete"
    iii. Recursion: achieve_all calls achieve, which calls apply_operator, which calls achieve_all. achieve returns None
         if no such operator is found or if infinite recursion is detected in the goal stack
  d
    i. A monkey is in a room. Suspended from the ceiling is a bunch of bananas, beyond the monkey's reach. However,
       in the room there are also a chair and a stick. The ceiling is just the right height so that a monkey standing
       on a chair could knock the bananas down with the stick. The monkey knows how to move around,
       carry other things around, reach for the bananas, and wave a stick in the air.
       What is the best sequence of actions for the monkey?
       The code has a slight modification: the stick is not used. The monkey is able to grab the bananas by hand.
       Also, the monkey is holding a ball that it must first drop to be able to grab the bananas. The code follows
       the spirit of the puzzle so I would say it is a faithful implementation.
       ii.
       iii. In order to not be hungry, the monkey needs to eat bananas. In order to eat bananas, the monkey needs to
            grasp bananas. In order to grasp bananas, the monkey needs to be empty-handed and at the bananas.
            In order to be empty-handed, the monkey needs to drop the ball. In order to be at the bananas, the monkey
            needs to climb on chair. In order to climb on chair, the monkey needs to be at middle room and needs the
            chair to be at middle room. In order to satisfy those preconditions, the monkey needs to push chair
            from door to middle room.
       iv. acting rationally
       v. yes
