3.1
    a. Which algorithms work (in a timely manner) and which don’t? Explain your results in terms of the capabilities (and implementations) of the algorithms and nature of the problems.
        Depth-first search is too slow for even easy_fig64a (it could keep going down a bad path).
        AC3 fails quickly on easy_fig64a. Backtracking search is slow, but correct. It's slow because it's probably not very
        smart about choosing which states to look at next. Backtracking search takes too long for harder_aima_csp.
        min_conflicts is slow and fails for easy_fig64a. Maybe this is because there is no backtracking?
    b. What effect does configuring the settings for backtracking have on the results? Try the following:
        1. Set the variable/value ordering (i.e., the select_unassigned_variable parameter) to
           first-unassigned-variable (the default) or minimum-remaining-values (i.e., mrv).
           This slows down the algorithm a lot.
        2. Set the inference (i.e., the inference parameter) to forward-checking (i.e., forward_checking).
            This speeds up the algorithm a lot. I can all the puzzles to run.
    c. Which, if any, of these settings should work best for sudoku? What combination of settings actually works the best?
        I would have expected mrv to work well for sudoku (it's what humans use), and I don't really understand forward_checking.
        forward_checking is a very good setting to use. I can't tell whether the backtracking algorithm (using forward checking)
        works better with or without mrv.

3.2
Pull queens.py and try running each of the algorithms with various values for n. Answer the following questions:
    a. How large can n get for each of the algorithms? Why?
        I tried increasing n by a power of 2 until the algorithm seemed to fail (or take too long).
        min_conflicts took too long at 8192
        AC3 failed even on 8
        Backtracking search without any settings took too long on 32. With forward_checking took too long on 32.
        With mrv and forward_checking took too long on 256. With mrv took too long on 256.
    b. What backtracking settings work the best? Why?
        mrv is the most important setting. It doesn't look like forward_checking helps much. I don't know why.
    c. How many steps does Min-Conflicts require to do its work? Why?
        max_steps is 100000 by default. I went down by a factor of 10 each time. When I got to max_steps = 10, the
        algorithm failed at n=32. When I moved max_steps up to 25, the algorithm worked for n=32. For n=64, I needed max_steps=45.
        I tried running the algorithm multiple times and determined that these numbers of max steps that are low do not
        always guarantee a solution. I would say you want max_steps to be at least 100. Min-conflicts needs to try lots of
        different cell combinations.
